Okay, we are back live.
Hi. So, there's a bunch of stuff to fix
right now.
Um, this looks like something I
broke. And the packaging I don't know
about, but this looks like something I
broke.
The only thing I can think of for this,
we're we're getting this like random seg
fault now or this random CUDA error. The
only thing I can
think I did make some optimizations to
this file I don't know a week or two
ago. So if we just compare this to like
dev
I think this also this branch also
has yeah this also has the optimizations
in it
right let's go back a few commits
Not that many commits
here. So, this one must be fine, right?
You would
think. Actually, hang on. Wasn't this
only two weeks
ago? March
16th. No, this has been here a
while. So, it could technically be this,
but it's
unlikely. Let me see this versus
Just compare these two a little
bit. So this is for a discrete action
space. You get normalized logits. This
code's identical.
And
then this is logits to probs of
normalized
logits.
Oh. Uh, this is
wrong. This should be on
logits, not normalized logits,
right? Wait, how the heck does this
still work then?
logits to probs of normalized logits.
Man,
minus log sum
x. Yeah, it's just wrong,
right? So then this goes into
propbs. This should just be
logs and then probably everything else
works.
Okay. And the multi-iscreet it's
possible we broke things here as well.
Let's see if this still gives us blow
up.
Also, why is this 1.5 mil steps a
second? Because this matches, but this
is too slow.
Whatever. Let's see if it is uh if this
is stable now.
This can't be the bug that Aaron had
because this is in the torch code,
right?
Yeah, this curve
matches. I mean, this could totally be
the thing that broke it, but um it would
be a little weird.
I also don't know why it's slower
now. Oh, the uh these are not the
optimized settings. Wait, these are just
the uh the defaults. Okay. Yeah, this is
totally fine.
This is totally fine.
Then let's just give this a few runs.
We'll see if this breaks anything. Uh
and then in the
meantime, let's see if we can figure out
why the build doesn't
work. Cuz when I'm on this machine
here, machine doesn't want to build.
but we have an issue in pi
bind pi buffer
undefined. Okay, so that looks like a
python.h is not included.
No module named
torch really.
build
meta. But there is a torch.
and not commit
something. Upper lib pie
torch. No, we have everything checked
in.
Okay. Where the
extensions? Okay, so we still get this
no
torch. Get build
requires. That's
bizaro. It's not a Python versioning
thing.
I just like import torch.
Yeah. So, no module name to work even
though I'm importing it.
Lovely. That's still working.
This is all like people not being able
to install torch. We have torch.
Oh, I guess that this wouldn't be you
wouldn't use this if you're just
installing the
um Sython back end. But still, we have
this issue.
got to be this
maybe. Okay, so now we
have something else.
This seems to be like an issue with
Python
itself. Setup tools issue.
This new warning in Abuntu is really
obnoxious. Now we're on setup tools 80
somehow. Okay, we still get this issue
here.
So,
update import lib metadata.
Python packaging is
like really
awful. No, we still get it.
No, there's there's only one live
stream. Nobody else is
streaming.
Um, is this the same bug then? Because
this is
still getting the issue.
This isn't
distills. Hang on. Can I do dash disc
utils? This was removed in
312. Setup tools.
Oh, this is actually me being
dumb. Yeah, this is actually me being
dumb. Cool.
All right. So, this part
builds and then if I do I think if I
uncomment torch then it
breaks. No module torch.
Can you put break points in this thing?
No, you
cannot.
So, you should absolutely be able to
import torch.
cuz I have torch on the
them. And we have CUDA available as
well. You shouldn't even need CUDA
available to import that
though. It's bizarre.
first installing
Xformers. We shouldn't need this.
I can't take torch out
of where or install
requires. Do I add it to
here? I mean I it would be weird.
Yeah. No. See, even though it's listed
in install
requires, do we not have
um we have a toml, right?
Maybe it does. Maybe it like builds the
package. Maybe there is some difference
where it like builds the package in some
isolated
environment because it looks like it's
installing a new version of torch there
to
me. It's taking that
[Music]
long. So, the more you know, even if you
have a package installed, apparently it
can still break if it's not listed
explicitly.
I'm going to give this a minute or two.
I think it's possible that this is just
taking a while to do a completely fresh
torch install.
and I forgot I had myself
muted.
Um,
okay. So, for some reason this setup is
separate. We got we got it working now.
with the install requires edition.
See, do we not have CUDA
available? CUDA works.
Do I need to add this stuff into
um build requirements or something?
It would seem very weird that this is
like totally unknown error.
Oh, again. See, this is why I actually I
keep the hours a little shorter when I'm
doing this type of work because it's so
like monotonous that I make dumb errors
and I get stuck on silly things like
that. Like I'll just change something
for testing and forget to change it
back.
I do uh I enjoy most of the dev work for
Puffer, but pre-release stuff is just a
pain cuz it's when you have to like fix
all the fiddly
bits. Okay, so now at least this looks
like it runs.
We'd still have a setup error
here. No, this is on puffer box zero.
Wait, no. This is
mine. Puffer
at. Why am I on puffer box zero here?
Okay, this is totally
different and this is still running
perfect. Uh, this is still erroring on
us. Hopefully with something more
reasonable.
Okay, so this is where we get a ton of
actual error
messages. So, we're adding we're
compiling torch
extensions with the correct command
class.
Let's see if we get the full error
trace. Yeah. So, this looks like it's
not getting um theh file,
right? PIB buff strides undefined. Yeah,
that comes from theh file.
So we have pufferlib C++
pufferlib.cu C++ includesh
It is entirely possible that there are
build errors and like I had some cache
build on my local machine and that's why
it was
working. But we're going to be very
careful that we replicate all of
this. And then we're going to make sure
this works on my local and if it works
on both of them then we're probably
good.
Okay. So we are now
getting are these different
errors? No. Pi buffs fried on this. To
me, this looks like
um yeah, this looks to me
like Python not getting
included. So, I have Python.h now.
Let me see.
Um, let me see how they do
it. There is a repo for this.
Where's the
repository? Yeah. So, this is the
tutorial thing that they put
out. What's their CUDA
include? Yeah. Okay, so their CUDA does
not need the
Python. It wouldn't make sense anyways.
It's CUDA code,
right? So they have torch extensions,
CUDA.h and CUDA runtime inside of an
appropriate name space. What we
have and then
here they have Python.h H A10 operators
torch all torch library and
vector. So we have
identical
setup. Do they have a
toml require setup tools and
torch and then setup tools build meta.
So, this is the
same. Let's see if there's anything else
I missed.
or if we get
um something reasonable up at the
top.
Ah, not compatible with the current
PyTorch
installation. How did this happen?
No, we do have to 2.8
dev with CUDA
128. Yeah, this is CUDA 128.
So,
um, oh, you know what it
is. I know what it
is. Can you just do like this?
or hey, how's it going, Ivy?
Um, we'll see if I can just reference
this specific version.
So I think what
happened is uh the requirements build
version of torch is not matching our
current version of torch and as a result
of that uh it's trying to build the CUDA
kernel with the wrong CUDA
version. I'm pretty sure that's what's
happening. Yes.
Hello. About a
year. Okay. So you
can't. So how do I specify a nightly
version actually?
need to point. Yeah. So, this doesn't
work.
Okay. So, most tools create an isolated
build environment and build system.
Okay. Fine.
I
don't I don't want freaking additional
build
dependencies. God.
Yeah, this is just like
How do you just Maybe I can just do it
this way.
That's like crazy
obnoxious. Also, why is this just
randomly stopped working? Huh?
I swear this like his LM are just dumb.
This still doesn't
work. So, you just wrote a It just wrote
a bunch of spam basically.
This still doesn't
work. I'm pretty sure you fail on import
torch here, right?
No build
isolation. Let me see if this works
first.
because then I can just add a note for
50 like 4090 users or whatever.
And now we get we get here.
We still get this error
really because it's still going to use
the isolated build
version. I have the correct dev torch
right here.
Okay, I remove it entirely.
Then we
get the same
thing. Hang on. Let me just make sure
that this is actually the
error. Was pretty
certain. But now I don't get that same.
Wait, I don't get the message from
before about CUDA version
compatibility. Now I'm just getting like
the generic error, I
guess.
Okay. Do I get if I just add like any
torch here? Do I get
it? Canuda man.
I should see some sort of
issue with the CUDA
version. It's weird that I don't get it
here, but if I remove this flag, I
should get it, right?
Let's see if I have CUDA
capabilities up at the top.
Okay, wait. The detected CUDA version
has a minor version
match. Oh, wait. Here is the
error. Maybe I just missed this
before. So, this is absolutely
uh bad build isolation,
right? So, if I do with no build
isolation, it should use
my it should use my forge
version. Let's just see if I missed the
error
message. And you can see Oh, no. I did
miss it. Right.
There's there are no Okay, that's
fine. Okay, so this is using CUDA
128, but we still get the
error the 12. Yeah. So this is the
correct compute
architecture. So this is compiling
specifically on a 5090,
right? So maybe this is not the error I
thought it was. Maybe this is actually
hardware specific compilation.
Go to 124. or
High buffer limited API may exclude
certain CAPI
types. Okay, I'm doing
this. Disable DPI
limited. All
right, let's
see what this does.
successfully installed.
3.8 million steps per second.
Perfect. So, it was actually the limited
API stuff.
All
right, that was annoying. But it looks
like we
have stable sweeps running
here. So, here's what we'll do.
We're going to commit this
fix and push this
tag. I don't know some tag.
So, this
runs. I'm going to let that so we can
reattach. So, I'm going to let this run.
I'm going to go do a few things, take a
quick break. Um, clear my head of all
this mess. When we come back, I will
monitor these breakout
results. Uh, we will integrate all these
build fixes. We'll test them on my local
as well. We'll see if we can get this
compilation to play nice with the
environment compilation because that's
still an issue. I know, not necessarily
what I wanted to do today, but we have
to do this before release anyways. So,
like fine and it'll give us time to run
some sweeps. So, I'll be back in
10:15ish and uh we will be good. A
couple little bit of exercise, walk
around a bit, all that.
All
right.
I'll take 155 for
20. I can't
uh I can't load it heavy.
Because what I'm just, you know, when
I'm streaming, I'm not warm, so I keep
it
light. This is still good for getting
some extra exercise in. All
right, detach this.
I did a a little bit of iikido in
college. That was
it. Looks like
meeting All
right.
First of all, how's the how are our
experiments going? So,
uh this was the old
sweep. We have some data in here.
Oh yeah, that's already finding stuff
right now. The the real kicker here
is wall
clock,
right? Uh that's a 30 second. That's
pretty good.
So yeah, we will just see how this goes.
Uh we'll let this run for a fair bit
longer. We can
kill. We don't need this one
anymore. We're just going to run this
new set of
sweeps and we will see
uh what this comes up with.
All right. So, next thing
is applying these changes to our local
This requires
torch. We take off limited
API. Have this for now.
We take this option
off. That should be the whole
diff. So
now close this.
See if that
builds. Yeah, it builds. But I think it
was cashed.
Either
way, we commit that for now for sure.
You just have to do no build
isolation on a 5090, which I should add
a comment to
All right. Now we at least have a
version uh on which we can run some
experiments.
So from here we should
probably What do we think?
Maze. Maze could be a good
one. Quite a bit of inconsistency in it,
I suppose.
But just doing a sweep on maze would be
good. We could do a sweep on
meta. Meta would be good. That does
require a whole separate build
environment though. So I think we'll
wait on that until we have everything
else stable.
We could also do neural MMO, but
um I think we've seen that we actually
have to sweep quite a long time on that
to be sure anything's
working. Maze would probably be a decent
one. There's a whole bunch I want to do
though with like the replay priority and
all
that. Maybe we take a little step back
and think of it. I've got two hours
before meeting and then after that I'll
have another two or three hours and then
another two
later. Let's figure out
like prioritize some of the release
stuff that we need to do.
So the main things that we need to
ablate
are hyperparam
sweep advantage filtering new advantage
algorithm. Is that all?
I think it's those three
things really. It's just hyper pram
sweeps and then ablations
on prioritized replay.
Now, the tricky thing, right, is we'd
like to have some
uh some good M's to test this on, but
our easy ones have become too easy since
the new version is so
good. And our harder M's still take
quite a while to train.
It should be a pretty easy on
off thing, I
think. Yeah, it should be a pretty easy
drop one ablation, I
think. So, Testing our new advantage
function is actually quite
easy.
Um, prioritized replay. I think we can
sweep. Yeah, we can totally include that
in
sweeps. We want an end that takes a
while to train, but not too long.
The thing with breakout is like once you
start getting under what is it 80 mil
steps no actually with the way breakout
works I think you should totally be able
to
um to be more sample efficient than we
currently are even with the number of
M's
I guess it's just like it's only 100
updates or something. 100 full updates.
The mini batches are pretty small
though. Okay, we could try
prioritization. That's a thing we can
mess
with. That's easy enough.
The thing that's difficult here is
like what do we compare? Do we compare
fully tuned run within or without
prioritized replay? I guess that would
be the most fair thing to do, right?
And then we would want to
pick we'd want to pick like a nice
suitable end for
it for initial experiments and then run
them on several
after. Maze is the best one.
maze is like
absolutely the best one. So I think what
we
do where's
pryo I think it's like pryo
alpha. Yeah. So there's pryo
alpha pryo beta
0 pryo alpha pry beta zero. So we just
do
I think these are both zero to one,
right? So it's logit normal
maybe. I think they are logit params.
So 0.6 0.4 Or we can
do
0.1. This will auto
scale. That's pretty good.
Make sure that this distribution stuff
is set up
correctly. It looks to
be all right.
I bet that this is a multiple key
error. Yeah, it
is. So, what did I replace this with?
So it's vec back end is
multipprocessing, right? All right. So
let's get rid of all the vec
stuff. 1.8 million
so this uh maze training seems like it
mostly works.
It's almost working too
well in the sense that like
um you know, you wonder if you actually
there's any perk to be gotten out of
these optimizations
here. But I don't think it'll pull
solve,
right? Unless we've just magically made
everything way
better. Looks like maybe we have made
everything magically better. Always nice
to come back to uh an environment once
you've made library
improvements and just have it
be amazingly well
solved. I actually want to watch this
policy back because I don't know how
it's doing that well. That's like pretty
darn good.
with default prioritization
97%. We'll watch that one
back. Hopefully I haven't broken roll
outs.
Oh yeah, it's just a really good
policy. What the
hell? That's like an amazingly good
policy.
What? That thing backtracked like really
really
well. Huh. I mean, yeah, it missed one
turn in this
end. And it still eventually got
it. We didn't like mess up and put some
extra reward in. All right. I haven't
modified
this. Uh yeah, we kind of just crush it.
So we now magically have a good maze
policy. I guess uh we will see if any
end is going to matter the advantage
building. It'll be this one.
I don't know. A siren going off. My uh
filter caught it, but
What happened with
this? Oh, it needs to load a fullsize
map. I
guess that's a render bug. Hang on.
max size I believe.
Okay. So, this gets multiplied.
We'll do like
this and then maybe I can record
it. Got this
That's kind of insane. I actually didn't
expect it to be able to do that.
Well, that's like a really really good
policy.
Where are is it
videos? Screencast maybe.
Oh yeah, this is it
right. Yeah.
rid of this
block. All right.
That's going to be tough to beat,
honestly.
Let me try one
thing. Oh, it's a bigger model. I
see it's a bigger model.
If this actually solves anything, I will
be amazed.
This should be able to get roughly
50%. So
actually I think it's higher
because
well hard to say. I'd have to think
about it. Let's see if we at least get a
stable training curve out of this
thing. And this might be too hard. This
one here, I might go to like 47 or
something.
Okay. So, this actually I mean it's
training
something, but uh the success rate is
kind of too low.
You kind of want something with middling
performance where there's like room for
improvement, but you're not worried that
it's just going to hard fail
repeatedly. So, we'll go to
47 and see how this does. If this is
good, then what we'll do is we'll launch
a sweep on
this with the
prioritization immediately more stable.
Yeah, I know. It's a like I just ran
default
Captain. This is what I mean by
like like I'm pretty sure that's better
than anything nonspecialized ever
published. Yeah, that's a ridiculously
hard problem for RL. We kind of just
solved
it. I'm now training it on 48x 48s up to
48 x 48s.
Oh, also I trained that policy in about
a minute and a
half. It's a 2
million mind the background noise. 2
million parameter model training at 1.7
mil
SPS. Yeah, it's just defaults captain
pretty much. I I forget actually. Do we
have all
defaults? Okay. No, there's a custom
like a couple custom params in there,
but not much. I don't think it's a good
sweep either.
Uh, why did the puffer
stop? I guess it just gave up.
Yeah. So, this one is not quite as good,
I think, but these are much bigger
mazes. It's not quite getting the level
of backtracking it
needs. This will be a good
challenge. Why would you have a noop
action for this end? Uh, I want to do
more than just mazes with
this. Yeah. So, this policy here is not
as good trained on 48s by 48s, but it
should be able to be better if we sweep
it.
So, I think what we'll
do, I should just post that.
and of course I forget to unmute but
there is
hammering so whatever
Okay. So, next we're going to get this
set up
on on puffer box
one or puffer box zero, I
believe. I forget who's on what box. I
gave one to somebody, didn't I? Or is
one
mine? I need to like maintain that
better.
What on earth do we have
here? Did I let Bet use this or
something? Oh, no. It's all right.
That's fine.
This is just me spring with
stuff. All
right. So, all I have to do
is compile the torch extensions.
[Music]
Okay.
And they're not puffer
grid. What's it
called? Underscore grid.
All right, we have to recompile some
stuff. Can you explain the maze
agent? Um, I mean there's not that much
to explain because it's just it's our
standard emering in the background. Um,
it's our standard RL
trainer just run on uh variably sized
mazes. And typically when you run RL on
mazes, like you really don't get nice
coherent backtracking and other highle
behaviors, it's just like they're really
bad at it. It's why it's like a common
benchmark. And most of the RL agents you
see on mazes have hacked it in some way
or another with like rewards or whatnot.
We didn't and we still just instantly
solve it. So, our latest trainer is
pretty darn good. As it turns out, it's
mostly the advantage filtering um and
the new advantage function, all that new
stuff, which will be fully covered in
the blog post. But the idea is that you
uh you prioritize training over sections
of gameplay where there's like you think
that there's something to actually learn
from it. So, like running into walls
repeatedly doesn't teach you anything.
If you're going to prioritize
uh sections of gameplay where like
something interesting
I mean, that's the quick version. If you
have specific questions, I can answer
them. But it's like as for like
everything that's in the new puffer
agent, there's a lot, right? Um, the key
pieces are the new advant does it see
the entire maze? No. No. It only sees a
very small window around
itself. Local vision.
It sees like five in every direction. I
believe it's like an overhead view. So
like overhead uh 11 by 11. So five each
direction centered on the agent. I
believe that's the
default. I mean, but if you've done RL
for a while, like this doesn't happen.
Like that's not a result that you expect
RL to get. Like that's a really good
result.
a really really good
result. And uh you know a lot of things
that should just should not happen have
been happening lately with how Puffer
has been
going. All right. So now this is going
to be a sweep that should include
uh advantage filtering and prioritize
replay coefficients in the
sweep. It has an LSTM. That's all it
has. It has like a standard one layer
LSTM.
It might help. It might help, Captain. I
like I definitely think it's going to be
worth as we get the new versions nice
and stable just redoing some sweeps,
rerunning some experiments, and like
it's not going to help every
environment, right? If you have like a
reward dense environment where like all
the experience is roughly equally
valuable, there's no reason that they
should help.
Okay, so this is the other sweep nicely
set up. Now we have two sweeps
going and uh we should be able to go
back and
see. All right, we have quite some new
experiments in here. We see solves as
early as 50
mil
and still nothing is faster than like
30ish
seconds. About 30 seconds is and really
like this hasn't even done a full solve
in 30 seconds
yet. But you know there's some variety
in there.
[Music]
This a bot or is this? No, this is real
person.
You're
good.
Yeah, you just do No, you do the work
and uh I deal with whatever. You're
good. I'd rather have those shelves put
together. I'd way rather have those
shelves put together.
number one ship poster
here. How long ago was this? Oh, thanks
for the free
uh thanks for the free exposure, man.
I think that was when I was at Open AI,
wasn't it?
Dude, that's awesome. I
got we baited y
scene. That's awesome.
Dude, that's so funny.
Maze looks like it
crashed. What happened to our maze
stuff?
B. That's not good. I thought we fixed
that
one
boss. How's maze policy compared to just
AAR? AAR is an explicit search algorithm
with a heristic. Um, obviously anything
like this you're going to instantly
solve with something like AAR. The point
here is that this is this is learned
from scratch. It does not have a
pathfinding algorithm built in.
So, this is actually like a pretty darn
hard problem to learn for RL because
like learning coherent exploration
uh is quite difficult to do in RL and
this actually just does it which is
pretty
awesome. What's the hotkey for scrolling
in
teams? Control B. And yeah, it's this
like weird command, right?
H. That's kind of
weird efficiency wise.
Like you're not really going to beat
AAR.
And like that's not the goal, right?
That's not that's like not the goal and
not the point cuz like I can go run this
on I can go run this on like Pokemon.
It's the same thing we run on Pokemon. I
can run it on neural MMO. I can run this
on tons of things where you just can't
run AAR because like the search space
doesn't map to
uh it it just doesn't like you can't run
AAR over arbitrary state space. You can
run this over arbitrary state space. So
we use mazes as like a benchmark of this
stuff and like a lot of the m we use in
RL you can solve very easily with like
simple scripted agents though not all of
them. Uh the point is that you can also
run this on more things. And to your
credit right I think a lot of our
research has been done on way too simple
environments that are just trivially
solved anyways which is why we don't
just do that right we also have like
neurommo 3. We've got our MOA. We have
like a lot of different M uh that are a
lot harder to do that
with, but we still use these as
well. Ash in the lower
right. This This is just some
weird torch cuda failure.
Yeah, this is just some like really
weird
torch and cuda failure thing.
I don't know why this crashes the
program
though. I guess it's that uh if you get
this in a probability tensor
specifically, it
fails.
So policy gradient loss
Oops. The noise gate gets most of
it. Every so often a little gets
through. Wait, actually this shouldn't
be possible, right? How can you get you
shouldn't be able to get um negatives in
the
probability? So that is probably
actually a bug with uh with the
implementation,
right? This is probably like one of the
optimizations I did.
Hang on. Let me just bump the noise gate
a little tiny bit. It might clip a
little bit, but
um All right. Let me know if that clips.
Um that'll help a little bit.
So, it's got to be this thing, right?
Logit to probs of
logits. Unless I call this Oh, wait.
Hang
on. You did it again,
man. Wait, why do I do this
twice? That makes no sense. What was I
smoking? What the hell was I
smoking? Okay, so I two things we're
going to have to do
here. Um, first of
all, welcome YouTube
folks. We are
currently working on uh hyperprem sweeps
over maze m uh tuning prioritize replay
coefficients for the most part to see
how big we can solve how big of a maze
we can solve. We've just got this
result. Hang on. Where's the result I
just posted? I just put it on X as well.
If you just got this
result, pretty solid maze solving
agent. And I just think I I think I just
found the logic bug.
That would do it right if you
passed. I don't actually
know. Normalize logic problem.
Let's see if this gets a similar result,
though. This was like in the
660.70
range. This is a nice agent though.
Uh that is the way that we have them set
up for now. Uh it would be pretty easy
for us to randomize the start and the
end location though, and I probably
should do that.
But like it's not like you just go that
direction, right? Like you can clearly
see in the video that like it has to
backtrack quite substantially to solve
it in many
cases. And like if you look
at like if you look at reinforcement
learning for maze solving like most of
the mazes are tiny. They look like this.
or like
this like you don't actually often see
RL on big
mazes unless you're using like tabular
Q-learning on like a single
nodes like this is yeah this doesn't
even
Okay.
So, now we have probs.
And then you do multormal on
this. I guess we'll just see whether
this fixes
the the screw up. I don't I don't even
know if this should fix the mess up
though. Uh, like how on earth do you get
negatives out of a softmax? Like that's
weird, right?
This is the
wrong Wait, this was Breakout that
crashed,
not did they both just
crash? This is puffer box zero.
Oh, well this one was me being a
dummy. This I just didn't run a sweep.
Okay, so
here
dash. So this is now running pryio sweep
as well, which is fine.
and we'll see if these stay
alive. Uh to be fair, this was like a
pretty
late
crash, but could just be something with
the normalization.
You shouldn't be able to cuda crash
pietorch by feeding bad inputs to a
softmax, right? Like you should just get
lost blow
up. Kind of weird.
Thank you for your scene.
We got cited at the bottom of his R's
Technica post. That's
funny. Wait.
Oh
yeah. This is suspicious to me.
But that's a different game. I don't
know what the routing is in
that. That's
fun. All
right. Well, these are
running. Uh, I think the first run
should have been better
here. No, no, it it shouldn't because
Yeah, this one has different hypers. So,
this will take a while to do anything
reasonable. That's
expected.
Wait. Yeah. Okay. So, this is breakout.
We have one good run, which is the
expected. And then here, this one takes
well. Fine. So, we'll just have to see
whether these are stable, and we'll keep
making um we'll keep making adjustments
as we go.
But the main uh the main hope for this
is that if these are stable that we
figure out prioritized replay
coefficients because what coefficients
for prioritized replay are best are
going to be quite
telling. You know if any coefficients
are good then it's not doing anything.
Um if you know it's a very specific
range of coefficients and there's a big
falloff then you know there's actually a
substantial effect from prioritized
replay and we'll be able to read what
that is. Uh the expected result
is ma the expected result would be that
it matters quite a bit in
um it should matter quite a bit in the
maze solving and less so in breakout.
That's what we would expect to
see. We'll just leave both of these open
so we can see
these. Let's figure out what's next. So
it is 2:16. I have an hour before next
meeting. Uh, we figured out setup. We
figured out the sweep
issues. We should be able to run sweeps
now. And somebody's pulling into
driveway that I don't recognize
here. Who's this?
Oh,
okay. I just didn't recognize the car.
Um, we have I think the main thing it
was really
just sweep
ablations well sweeps on pryo which
we're doing
now. We do have to run the full set of b
of benchmarks at some point.
I think it's just going to be like
general streamlining for a bit. Um, I
think we've kind of covered the main big
issues at the moment with this. This
seems pretty stable. Uh, we do have to
run a lot of
experiments. Uh, I'm kind of at the
point now where I'm happy running
preliminary release experiments where we
like get an idea of how things are going
to look and make sure things are sane.
But I don't want to lock in final
experiments until we have the final
version of the
code. So it is a good time
to well there are two things I want to
do right there are a few optimizations
we still need to make
in in the main
file and then I think I also just want
to take a look at the codebase as a
whole and see if I've forgotten
anything. So, that's what I'll do next.
Grab another drink, do a set or two, and
then we will uh we'll be back in a
minute or two with That
Okay. So, this is still
alive. Breakout is Yeah, those are both
still alive. Good.
And uh not really any good results on
this one yet. It is expected that this
one will take a while to get
find hypers.
Let's just start looking
through the
code for uh how everything's going to
fit together for the release
here. So,
um first of all, a lot of these scripts
are going to go away or at least not
live here.
Um, SP3
demo. I don't think we need
this. I mean, if you're using SP3 at
this
point, you're kind of just
trolling. Yeah.
model. Yeah, I think you're kind of
trolling at this point if you're using
SP3. It's slow. It's
overbuilt. I don't think we really care
too much about
that.
Um, we have some C++ files that are
mostly getting moved. This will probably
go into source as well, but this code
will still be here.
This ELO
script will probably just get tucked
away
somewhere for whenever we decide to
actually do something with it or just
delete it. We'll
see. We haven't done anything with this
in months, so we'll probably just delete
this and grab it back from 20 when we
need it.
some of these visualization scripts. We
might include them with
um we might include these with the
sweeps because I think we use these for
analysis. We probably will keep one
clean RL script, right? Just because
like clean RL is really simple. It has a
bunch of algorithms for playing with
stuff. It's good to like compare
reference
implementations. It's one file.
Does it add any
depths? I guess technically it adds the
Tyro depth, which is
annoying. That's all it
adds. I really don't know why Costa did
this. Like in my view, it's really not
worth adding Pyro as a depth just so you
can data class your args like this.
But Costa's off doing uh off solving
like RL on language models at this
point. Costa is awesome. You should
totally go follow him if you haven't
already. Really great
guy. Has he been doing much on here
lately?
It's criminal that he has fewer
followers. He doesn't post that much,
but I don't really either to be
fair. At least the stuff he posts is
high
impact.
Um, okay.
So, all these
scripts, I don't know if we need these.
I think you need this for
Rayb Ray builds. We need this build
ocean script and like the rest of these.
Do we need
this? I don't know. Maybe we can kind of
just build this into clean RL not clean
RL. We can build this into our defaults
or something. We'll
see. Um configs need to be cleaned up.
It's fine for this directory to be
wide. And then what I'm really concerned
with is all this
stuff. We've got like this
wrappers.py. We've got this random utils
thing. I don't think we use most of
this. Do we use this
compare? We might use this in test
somewhere. Yeah, I don't think we use
most of this. So, we can probably kill
some of it. I know we don't use this. We
just got rid of this. We can probably
remove most of this and hopefully even
get like rid of the utils file because
it's just like you don't need a utils
file. Sweep we know is good.
Spaces buffer lib spaces is kind of
fine.
This has joint space
definitions. Uh, this will go away when
we eventually deprecate gym when there
is no longer anything in gym that's
worth using and everything is either in
gymnasium or in
puffer. C++ stuff. We know what this is.
We already know what we're doing with
this functions.
Some stuff in here we can definitely get
rid
of. We also have this old policy pool
thing which we'll probably get rid of
for
now. I mean, this was a pretty
reasonable thing to do.
We got
puffernet. I think we probably keep
puffer as is for now. We can explore
like tiny grad C back end at some point
so we don't have to maintain this. But I
don't know. This is kind of cute. like
pretty short file that just does PyTorch
in C is
nice. There's this Pyaxx
bind. Um, it might make sense to
like move this
into I don't even think we need to move
this into C API, do we? I guess it would
kill the Syon depth fully if we moved
this to C
API. Not as high
priority. We got puffernet.h, puffer
libs,
CUDA. Fine.
post-processing. I think we use this for
like
Atari. Yeah, like these are all things
we use on Atari and whatnot. So, I guess
we'll figure out what these are
redundant when we go to like benchmark
Atari or
whatever. Policy stores currently
unused.
ranker currently
unused. I mean, we know we're going to
need this stuff. It's
like, do we just like leave it in for
now or do we kill it and then bring it
back? Namespace I kind of like.
We have our models
file. This has some defaults in it. This
is pretty good. Few small cleanups
there. What extensions do we have? Oh
yeah, I forgot that we have uh our
rappers are still
in our rappers are still in Syon and it
would actually be difficult to get rid
of this. So I think we'll keep the Syon
depth for now formally. Uh but it won't
be used at all in the
ocean uh ocean
pipeline and then eventually it'll we'll
get rid of it. But that's fine. That
gives me less work to do as
well. Some
exceptions. I kind of want to just merge
all like these little crap files into
like a pufferlib.py
pie. To be honest with
you, there too many little files that
don't do very
much. And like this
stuff. Oh, this is cuz Jim imports
everything, right? Yeah, I remember why
we have that. That's
fine. And then we have all the
environments, which these are fine. We
have to go check that they work, but
they're fine. Our resources folder could
be compressed a bit, but it's fine. And
all the ocean
m Oh, yeah. Here it
is.
ffi.buffer. Yeah, this was the
function. Cool.
Uh, we don't need this anymore, but we
should probably do something with it or
port some of the stuff
in. Okay, we can like fix up the to-do
list. Clean
up. Let's
do files.
All files upper
lib.py pretty much it. We can kind of
start on that
now. Uh does Meta use any of this
stuff? Let me see if Meta is actually
using
if they're using our ELO stuff right
now. They probably have their like
puffer liib fork or
whatever. Yeah. So, this is their puffer
lib fork.
They have the ranker and stuff in
here. They
haven't done anything with this
though. Are they actually using it from
here?
It doesn't look like they
are. Yeah, it doesn't look like they're
using any of
it. They have this torch
profiler. All
right. So, I think we have uh we have
some basic stuff we can do here for the
next 40 minutes or so.
Okay, we start here.
We remove a bunch of old stuff.
Yeah, it has not been updated since 20.
It hasn't been used since 20. I think
anything that we haven't used and nobody
has used since 20, we just delete and
then we put back if we want to. I think
that should be the policy
here. What in the heck is
this? Why is this in get
Deceptions.
namespace I think can
stay does Python have like
underscore these aren't builtins
Okay. Yeah. I don't think that you screw
anything up by doing this.
I think we leave
spaces. Oh, actually a good rule for
this would be
uh if this if this can go in the default
imports, right?
Yeah, if these can go in the default
imports. So by that
logic, what else can go in the default
imports?
What else can go in
here? Clean
RL. This is dated. Yeah, we don't need
this anymore, right?
All
right. Post
process just has a gymnasium
depth. We can move this in.
That's so much easier.
Okay. So, emulation is its own thing.
environment. This
actually is there any reason that our
custom environment can't just go into
buffer.py? It cleans up our imports.
It should be fast because we don't have
any like heavy dependencies in
here.
Right. I say we do it now. The only one
I don't think we move is spaces
because like there's gymnasium.spaces
and
pufferlib.spaces. So, uh, for the
consistency of it, I think we leave
spaces alone
and eventually spaces.py gets deleted,
right?
when
um it gets deleted eventually when we
eventually drop gym support. Like that's
going to go end of life, right? Nobody's
maintaining
that. There's only 96 lines.
Okay, we no longer have to import this
cuz it's just
there. Cleans things up nicely. 450
lines.
Okay,
so emulation is staying absolutely where
it is. That's a whole bunch of stuff in
there. Models is absolutely staying
where it
is. We got the PyTorch file. We do not
want a torch
depth. Sweep is its own thing. Space is
its own thing.
vector is its own
thing. The goal is to just not have any
more like stupid little piddly files
just like floating around everywhere.
It's like you have a 100 lines of code
somewhere and it goes and
populate and it doesn't need its own
freaking file.
So I think we can check
utils. Uh I think we start grepping
stuff here, right? Because we can't just
copy this in with all these
imports. Would you
grab not
used. We can just start deleting stuff
that way. Check two small things.
Okay, let's double check here as
well. Uh, they both seem to have
cracked.
Lovely. So, we got some sweeps out of
it. Doesn't seem to do very well there.
And then here, this one is also crashed.
So, We take a break to go figure out
what happened
here. Probably the same bug,
right? Yes, this is the same
bug. What are the odds that this is my
colonel?
Low. Low, I would think, right?
Thought it was
controlB. What's this scroll key? I
always forget like T-Max has weird
commands. Control B and then uh the
other the other bracket. I had the brack
use the wrong
bracket.
Okay, we get CUDA error here.
train on profile.train
forward this
synchronize. This does happen after the
sample. Wait after the
samples. Uh sample does not call
synchronize. Sample does not call
synchronized. Probability
tensor. Oh, you know what this would be
then? I think we found it.
So if you have sampling in here and
you're using prioritized
replay, you do probs + 1 eus 6.
So if your
advantages if your advantages
explode then your props
explode and then you break sampling
here,
right? Okay. So we have to figure out a
way around that because that's really
bad.
We could just check advantages
um for like any or in I
guess and we could break out there.
That seems
sketchy. Hang on. So, why is it that you
can't Oh, wait.
Advantages. These are not probabilities.
Aren't these supposed to be logits?